Add and remove Space Developers (#103)
cf-control/cf-control: README.md

  remove-application      Remove applications in the target space.
```

##### apply [SUBCOMMAND]
```

>   space-developers       Assign users as space developers that are present in the given yaml file, 
>                          but not in your cf instance, or revoke the space developer if its in the cf instance, but not in the yaml file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  space-developers       Apply the differences between the space developers given in the YAML file and
                    in the live system.
```
